[Prepare RPi device] Add instructions to follow headless configuration (#1362)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 01.Get-started/01.Preparation/01.Prepare-a-Raspberry-Pi-device/docs.md

![connecting a device](image1.png)

### (optional) Configure wireless network and enable SSH in headless mode

You can take advantage of the headless configuration options of Rapberry Pi to

> enable SSH or configure wireless network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable SSH or to configure the wireless network.
```

Follow [Setting up wireless
networking](https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/configuration/wireless/headless.md)
guide and/or [Enable SSH
access](https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/remote-access/ssh/README.md?target=_blank)
guide (see section "3. Enable SSH on a headless Raspberry Pi") from Raspberry Pi
OS documentation.

## Step 2 - SSH into the Raspberry Pi

> Boot the Raspberry Pi with the newly flashed SD card. If you haven't done in in the previous step,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boot the Raspberry Pi with the newly flashed SD card. If you have not followed the instructions in the previous step,
```
